Program structure
BComm Degree Components
Typical 90-Credit
Core courses	48 credits
Business major courses*	24 credits
Electives	18 credits
108-Credit Mature Entry
Foundation courses	18 credits
Core courses	48 credits
Business major courses*	24 credits
Electives	18 credits
120-Credit Extended Credit
Foundation courses	30 credits
Core courses	48 credits
Business major courses*	24 credits
Electives	18 credits
Business major courses

In addition to the Commerce core, all BComm students will follow 24 credits toward their major. See the courses offered for each major below:

Accountancy courses
Business Technology Management courses
Marketing courses
Management courses
Finance courses
International Business courses
Economics courses
Human Resource Management courses (30 credits)
Supply Chain Operations Management courses
Elective courses

John Molson students are encouraged to round out their business education by taking electives in faculties outside the business school. Expanding one’s general knowledge provides value that will serve our graduates well, regardless of what country, industry, or area of business they end up working in. For example, history or language courses would be of particular benefit to international students; Anthropology and Psychology courses would provide Marketing students with a better understanding of individual markets and cultures.

Business electives & non-business electives

A business elective is a course offered by the John Molson School of Business that is above and beyond one’s Core and Major requirements. For example, if a student is Majoring in Management Information Systems and they take an Accounting course, this course constitutes a Business Elective.

A non-business elective is a course offered by a Faculty outside of John Molson. If, for example, a student takes a Philosophy course or an Acting course, this is considered a non-business elective. Electives can be chosen from the Faculties of Arts and Science, Fine Arts, and the Gina Cody School of Engineering and Computer Science.

BComm students

Students in the BComm are required to complete 12 elective credits outside of John Molson. The remaining 12 elective credits may be business or non-business.

BAdmin students (Please be informed that the BAdmin program is currently suspended.)

Students in the BAdmin will complete 18 business elective credits as part of their program, as well as 30 non-business elective credits. Out of these 30 credits, 15 must be above the introductory (200) level.

Choosing non-business elective courses
Bachelor program
The JMSB Advantage
Majors
Program structure
Core courses
Foundation courses
JMSB minors
Admissions
Tuition & aid
Current students
GET STARTED
Download brochure 