Accountancy (Cert)

Program structure
Program options
Certificate in Accountancy (30 credits)
Courses
United States students: A U.S. Federal Student Aid-eligible version of this program is offered. This version meets all U.S. regulations (such as no co-operative education or e-courses) for eligible programs.



John Molson Business Certificates
Certificate in Business Studies
The 30-credit undergraduate Certificate in Business Studies is designed for students seeking a basic understanding of contemporary business practices. The Certificate is not a Bachelor's Degree, but the program does include credited undergraduate business courses.

Certificate in Foundations for Business
This 30-credit undergraduate certificate program caters to students who wish to develop the necessary background for further study in undergraduate degree programs in Business. It also may be of interest to students whose preference is to follow a short program of study or to learn important foundations for business studies.

Certificate in Accountancy
The Certificate in Accountancy is designed to provide interested candidates with an opportunity to earn a certificate while they are completing the qualifying undergraduate requirements for the Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA) designation in Quebec.

This program is only open to Canadian citizens, landed immigrants and permanent residents of Canada who hold a Bachelor’s degree, in any subject other than Accountancy, and can only be completed on a part-time basis.


Section 61.160 Special Programs in Accountancy
Certificate in Accountancy Admission Requirements

Students must hold a Bachelor's degree and have completed the following courses to be admitted to the certificate:


• MATH 208 Fundamental Mathematics I (3.00)• MATH 209 Fundamental Mathematics II (3.00)• ECON 201 Introduction to Microeconomics (3.00)• ECON 203 Introduction to Macroeconomics (3.00)• COMM 213 Computing and Visualization Tools for Business Analytics (1.50)• COMM 217 Financial Accounting (3.00)• COMM 305 Managerial Accounting (3.00)
Program Requirements
Certificate in Accountancy (30 credits)
30	
credits:


• ACCO 310 Financial Reporting I (3.00)‌ • ACCO 320 Financial Reporting II (3.00)‌ • ACCO 330 Cost and Management Accounting (3.00)‌ • ACCO 340 Income Taxation in Canada (3.00)‌ • ACCO 360 Principles of Auditing (3.00)‌ • ACCO 420 Financial Reporting III (3.00)‌ • ACCO 435 Strategic Accounting Case Analysis (3.00)‌ • ACCO 440 Advanced Taxation (3.00)‌ • ACCO 465 Advanced Assurance Services (3.00)‌ • COMM 216 Ethics, Business Sustainability, and Social Responsibility (1.50)‌ • COMM 316 Business Law and Ethics (1.50)‌  
Notes
The main purpose of the certificate is to help students who have completed a bachelor’s degree to complete coursework that may qualify students for entry to the Graduate Diploma in Chartered Professional Accountancy program.
Students may transfer into the certificate program up to 12 credits earned in an incomplete degree or certificate program or as an Independent student, provided they are students in good standing. The credits that may be so transferred are determined by the University at the point of entry into the program.
L’Ordre des Comptables Professionels Agréés du Québec: Chartered Professional Accountant (CPA)
The John Molson School of Business offers a Diploma in Chartered Professional Accountancy. Entry into the program normally requires an undergraduate degree in Commerce, and a Major in Accountancy with high academic standing. Applicants lacking an appropriate pattern of undergraduate work will be required to successfully complete certain qualifying courses, as assigned by the director of the program and the Order of Chartered Professional Accountants of Quebec. For further details, refer to the Graduate Calendar of Concordia’s School of Graduate Studies.